test Polygon with z-coordinates (#114)
mathause/regionmask: docs/whats_new.rst

  (:pull:`63` by `Julius Busecke <https://github.com/jbusecke>`_)
- Create regions from geopandas/shapefiles :py:attr:`from_geopandas`
  (:pull:`101` by `Aaron Spring <https://github.com/aaronspring>`_)

> - Added test to ensure ``Polygons`` with a z-value work correctly (closes :issue:`36`).

Author: ```suggestion
- Added test to ensure ``Polygons`` with z-coordinates work correctly (closes :issue:`36`).
```
